What do I want to learn or understand better?

I felt like during the entirety of the course we could have done better
with the usage of fragments, it feels like there was a lot to learn regarding
them and activities that might have relieved some technical debt. But these are 
things that feel like they should be implemented from the beginning, and as none
of us knew how to use android studio to start with it would be hard to learn on the
go. So in the future when jumping into an android studio project I might have learned
a bit more about it's functionality and maybe I would make sure that we use it the
way it's "supposed" to be used rather than just making sure it works.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

Well similarly to last week I hope I can be helpful providing information what I
have done this week. As we'll be mostly focusing on the project's final report.
I hope I can bring clarity about the work I have done. In a future project I can
hopefully be more of an asset when it comes to how to store things and how to handle
that, although I might still lack some essential knowledge in that department It
won't be completely new.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

I continue being a part of the meetings and hopefully provide the feedback
necessary to help the project. Overall I think I have had a helping hand 
especially in the beginning when it came to writing stories, and have
contributed my part in continuing doing that as that feels like it has been in
the center of our project. I could have possibly read more on some spare time
regarding scrum, but I am happy with how the project ended up and how we handled
the challenges we were provided so maybe it was not that bad.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

As the project has developed I feel like I have had a key part in bringing certain
features to life, especially almost everything regarding storing and loading. 
It was something I had never really worked with before so learning it felt really 
nice. I wish though that I had spent a bit more time working with the visual tools 
provided in android studio so that it would be easier to pick up again in the future 
as the things I learned weren't unique to android studio. But overall I still feel 
like I did some important work when it came to some of the more essential parts
of the project, although I wish that I'd spend a little more time working so that 
we'd have an even more complete product in the end.
